# December 06, 2018

---

### PROJECT UPDATES:

We spent this week making our final major changes to the main project file. We got the GA running for the first time (I'm also able to run it on my machine - which is exciting). The changes are we working on now will allow us to run all versions of the model (including a standard GA, and Net for comparison sake). I'm also spending a lot of time catching up on my understanding of python since I've written very little of it before this class. Jack has been very helpful when I have quick questions about a way to do something in Python. Again, you can see our progress here: <https://github.com/jzhuo/genetic-sgd>.

### GENERAL UPDATES:

I've started working on excercies from SICP and converting them from Scheme to Clojure. I've included an exercise on creating a linear and recursive exponent calculator in this repo. I'll be working on a few more exercises as the semester comes to a close. It's fun learning comp-sci methods through a different lens (LISP). Again, I'd really like to build a GA using clojure by the end of the semester just to have a small product of my learning.

Question - I'm slightly baffled as to why the linear exponent function is slower than the recursive... I'm pretty sure in the reading it says it should be the other way. Here's the outcome from my program:

```
--- Recursive Exponent Function  ---
"Elapsed time: 0.103145 msecs"
Solution:  23298085122481
--- Linear Exponent Fucntion ---
"Elapsed time: 0.210056 msecs"
Solution:  23298085122481
```

David
